The damage of earthquakes is completely different from the earthquake.
Earthquakes cannot be suppressed by human power, but earthquakes can be prevented by human power.
Houses and bridges can be built so that no matter how strong the earthquake is, they will not collapse.
In the first two years of the Showa period, the Minayama City, the capital of the Tango, was completely restored to its original state after the Great Earthquake in March.
If our houses have not been as strong as they were from the beginning, we can add a little more to them and prevent them from collapsing.
Also, even if the house collapses, as long as we cannot suppress it with a large horizontal flag, our lives will not be in danger.
If we are in the shadow of a strong tool such as a desk or a stroller, we are safe.
The earthquake does not last for one minute, and the earthquake in the first minute is relatively mild.
However, the damage caused by earthquakes, whether it is the number of people or the loss of property, is 10 times or 100 times more than the first one minute earthquake.
In fact, in the first 12 years of the Great Earthquake, the loss of 3,000 people, about 100 million yen in the first minute, was 100,000 people, or 5.5 billion yen for the first minute of the Great Earthquake.
I would like to tell you that the most important thing is that if you meet with the Great Earthquake and survive the first minute without any problems, you can be at ease.
The second thing is that the second earthquake is not a terrible one.
It is absolutely not in Japan to be sucked into a whirlpool.
We must work bravely to make the earthquake as light as possible as long as there is no power.
First, to prevent the damage. This is the first way to minimize the number of dead people and the loss of property.